pretty damn sure I'm not totally sure
but pretty sure I need half of the water
at level three so let's get over there
and do that which means you have to go
to second left to get up to the third
floor on that side and so uh where's
that tech tie dad come on you're not
gonna trick me this time
well maybe you are I don't know man I
suck at fighting those things what the
hell man
okay I don't know maybe I should have
done this after work yeah I could really
go for a cheeseburger right now let's
see here all right yeah we don't need a
timer for that I mean I don't know why
here is a timer on that one okay and
that's right please don't let's tune
ding dong okay that takes care of that
and now guess what you never would have
guessed it but yeah that's right we're
gonna make us a work form this will save
us a little more backtracking its first
down it's kind of a long passage and we
can just walk back here and go straight
to the boss once we're done we're going
to get the boss key now that's where
first-down goes but you have to have the
water at the third level in order to get
through it if I understand right not
absolutely certain about that but I'm
not taking any chances so down we go
didn't I just say first down I meant
first up first down and with the
Skulltula first up is where we're going
here to get the boss key I mean I've
been said I've been calling it first
down sorry about that I think down like
azan down to the first floor that's why
this place is so confusing though
because it's like cheese the first down
like down on the map on the first floor
else get up here
all right and then now we have the long
shot we can shoot over here couldn't do
this without the long shot this is why
we had to save first first up for last
and that will take us into this room
here I don't know if I want to chance it
but I think I'm going to well you should
probably take off your boobs first
don't go swimming with your boots on
like a song the retarded-ass song
usually I can make it through this
without too much of a hassle yeah we man
oh yeah did you see those guys were all
around me I don't know how I got so
lucky good okay and then we have what I
think yeah that's what I thought no not
yet
Oh get all premature on me soldier all
right put on the boots and there's a
little switch down here what you're
supposed to do actually oh boy I forgot
about these guys
I know yeah you should really kill this
guy's first of all I totally forgot that
they were here man I just any what
you're supposed to do is push a block on
this switch you guys aren't done yet are
you yeah I want to get those hearts and
if I get two before they disappear there
now what if I saying I'm saying you push
a block on to the switch normally right
but you can also step on it with the
iron boot and it'll raise the water
level in the room once it stops going up
you'll know the water is as high as it
can go switch off your boots and swim
straight out straight out I said and
you'll get up here like this makes it a
little bit quicker jeez with all the
shortcuts I've taken in this you think
I'd be wouldn't be up to 40 minutes now
the cheese all right we got another
switch
man I see tektites over there that's not
good
he's tech ties have been the bane of my
existence so far oh man I just grabbed
onto the column on the corner there how
in the world oh jeez I didn't know that
triggered a thing in the door to crying
out loud
I got so lucky there was grabbing on to
that column and then I turned out there
well good look at the archery game on
Giroud ovalle if you're sucking like
this retching clothes for that matter
yeah yeah jump in the hole there you go
I mean I'm down with seven arrows I
think I'm gonna have to grind for those
or something all right
yeah you can't actually jump there from
the second one which makes it a little
bit easier there we go okay now we're
talking now before we go down there is a
skull Chula don't want to miss this you
know what I want to put on the boots I'm
putting on the beats you're gonna have
to do that anyway so whatever and watch
out those rocks coming down so ow
move along move along
what no no I'm totally hitting that yeah
I'm gonna say he's not protected by the
metallic waterfall is because that's
what I sounded like for a second there I
don't care if you hit me I make hair
later hmm man I have really got it oh
crap I should have taken off the boots I
forgot I don't want to fight the bud the
oyster bud that's what I'm gonna start
calling those oyster butts and guess
what it's a locked door this locked door
pissed me off the first time I saw it
because I was like oh my god you can't
even tell me there's another key in this
place and you think I want to backtrack
for all that hell no that's why I use
fours wind back there well this is not
as fast as I would've liked to do this
but yeah I guess it's alright for videos
that's faster than I did the Forest
Temple howl so back to yes return to the
war point no lucky for me we have some
fairies up here and those will be ample
life refilling for oh my god I am up to
40 minutes I don't think I should record
that much at one time I don't know how
much I kid this thing can take with I
mean this program this recording program
I've never recorded it this far before
and one in one go before so I'm kind of
worried about it so I think I will stop
when I get to the boss and we'll just
let this feed for videos here
or videos me through the water temple
the first I'll go ahead and pick up
these fairies here so how many yeah that
was my last fairy in a bottle wasn't it
well I think I'll just I don't know why
I'm even hanging on to those bugs I
don't need one of them you know what if
I accidentally get healed by the fairing
and that's okay I'm gonna drop the bugs
now drop one of them yeah just do this
off-screen no that's ok I mean this is
whatever raw footage you know whatever
takes a different way I don't like that
angle thank you
alright ok so next time on ocarina of
time we will take on the boss of the
water temple who is in three up by the
way three up boss three down it's the
way came in three left hook shot you got
it all yeah so that's how you do it see
you later